thank you so much that's great you're
all awesome it my name's Chris also
though I speak four languages fluently
and granted three of those languages I
made up myself all four fluently which
is nothing compared to the last Pope
because the last Pope spoke four hundred
languages I know that's amazing isn't it
I mean device boat wing dings knock out
the st. Peter's Square and go square box
smiley face wavy lines and all the
wingding Ian's would cry and go good
Pope yeah also I i come from New Zealand
and yes as a matter of fact we do have
sex for chic it's not like they're the
big ugly ones like over here you know
they're they're small and beautiful your
your shape of the opposite you know
theres big ugly Mongols with flies and I
look at them and think well you know
let's just be friends we can hang out
but as friends I'm going to Adelaide
soon i'm quite excited about that
because i like adelaide airport it
reminds me of my uncle's place no he
also owns a shed but i cal'late city
because i find it have been intimidating
adelaide city and i want with their go
go go attitude and they're tall building
yeah just don't feel safe which is still
better than Tasmania I think Tasmania is
the weirdest place in the whole wide
world like in 20 until shop in Tasmania
called beds beds beds and bought a
bloody filing cabinet what was going on
there and I'll do this pub in Tasmania
this man I've never seen before spilled
his glass of beer upon me and I went yet
good one dickhead ok now I have beer
right let's go I'm going to fight you in
a fight anyway no no I'm a lover not a
fighter right so I tongue past him yeah
turns out he was a fighter
turns out he was a really good fighter
and that's what hurt you know the fact
that he had lied he should have just
said I'm the fighter would have made my
first round look a lot less stupid i
went to ikea recently a big furniture
store I care I Kea it's a big furniture
store and they've got a cafe in the
middle of it and went into the cafe and
I ordered a salad sandwich ok I had to
assemble it myself they turned up in a
box right with two pieces of bread
assorted salad and an allen key alright
so i put my sandwich together and it was
a piece of tomato left over from God
knows where that supposed to go so I put
it in a plastic bag in case I'm these
haha